## Team Meetings Log for  Sprint C

|   Discussed topics    |    Date    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Conclusions                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
|:---------------------:|:----------:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
|     Weekly Review     | 22/05/2023 |                                                                                                                                                                         Team discussed what went wrong on sprint B and proposed changes in team dynamic for sprint C                                                                                                                                                                          |
|    Task assignment    | 24/05/2023 |                                                                                                                       1º Distribution of user stories between all members <br/> 2º In 29/05/2023 the team should present the following user stories completed(2005 Jose, 2006 Jonas, 4002 Marco,4003 João, 4004 Ruben)                                                                                                                        |
|     Weekly Review     | 29/05/2023 |                                                                                  1º Each team member presented to the group the development of their user story assigned to them ,contained in the following list (2005,2006,4002,4003,4004) <br/> 2º Team is having problems with US 3005, a list of questions was made to present to the teacher of RCOMP                                                                                   |
|     Weekly Review     | 05/06/2023 |   1º Each member presented to the team the development of their user stories<br/>2º New concerns emerge again relating to US3005 and a new list of questions was made to ask to teacher of RCOMP<br/>3º Team had doubts regarding Exams and formative exams , we choose to ask teacher of EAPLI about them<br/>4º New meeting was schedule(08/06/2023) to discuss between the group the answers that teacher of RCOMP and EAPLI gave to us    |
| Extraordinary Meeting | 08/06/2023 |                                                                                                                                                                                 1º The situation of the US3005, US2004, US2009 was discussed between the team                                                                                                                                                                                 |
|     Weekly Review     | 12/06/2023 |                                                                                                                                                     1ºTeam discussed the ongoing work of each member <br/> 2º Team concluded that in this week a daily scrum its necessary and mandatory                                                                                                                                                      |
|     Daily Meeting     | 13/06/2023 |                                      1ª Team did a presentation between members of all user stories developed so far<br/> 2º Some concerns emerged related to RCOMP, list of questions was made to ask the professor of PL's<br/> 3º Problems related with board history and create postIt's emerged, so the team discuss them and solved this issues in the meeting(US3006 if we should add images to).                                      |
|     Daily Meeting     | 14/06/2023 | 1º State of the project discussion between members, members pointed each individual work that still wasn't concluded<br/>2º Team discussed some considerations related to :<br/>-US3007, should we change the postIt information and change the postIt to another cell<br/>-US3008, how to properly implement this and register previous states of the postIt<br/>We reached an agreement how to implement certain parts of the user stories. |
|     Daily Meeting     | 15/06/2023 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|     Daily Meeting     | 16/06/2023 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|     Daily Meeting     | 17/06/2023 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|     Daily Meeting     | 18/06/2023 |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|                       |            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

